MP3 BUGLOG:

Bug #1
Type of problem: Semantic Error
Description: In function init_idt, we called another function idt_flush, however we passed idt_desc_ptr (x86_desc_t) as an argument.
Symptom: The system keeps restarting
Difficulty: A pair of us looked at the code for 3 hours but could not solve the problem till a TA pointed it to us.
Solution: In the struct x86_desc_t, there is actually a 2 byte badding before 'size' the address for size should be our argument instead 
of the address for 'padding'. Hence, we needed to increase the memory address by 2 in the argument.

Bug #2
Type of problem: Semantic Error
Desciption: For CP1, we are required to use both page directory entry into 4MB page (kernel memory) and page directory entry into 4KB page
 (video memory). These two entries are separated by the state of the 7th bit (Page Size)
Symptom: The OS keeps restarting in QEMU
Difficulty: This mistake was rectified after countless references with the documentation
Solution: For our page directory entry into 4MB page, we should have set the value of the 7th bit to 1.

Bug #3
Type of problem: Semantic Error
Description: To enable paging, one has to load CR3 with address of page directory and set paging bit (MSB) of CR0. However, if you plan to 
enable 4 MiB pages, you must also change the bit index 1 of the cr4 value to 1 before you set the paging bit of cr0
Symptom: The OS keeps restarting in QEMU 
Difficulty: We spent many hours debugging it to no avail. However, our groupmate who was working on keyboard came and suggested the change.
Solution: Before setting the paging bit of CR0, first enable 4MB pages by changing bit index 1 of cr4 to 1.

Bug #4
Type of problem: Semantic Error
Description: Register C was not read after an IRQ8 (RTC interrupt) in the handler.
Symptom: The RTC interrupt only triggered once.
Difficulty: About 30 minutes of debugging
Solution: Read register C after the RTC handler

Bug #5
Type of problem: Semantic Error
Description: The IDT entry for 0x80 was set with DPL value to 0
Symptom: A general protection error was thrown on a system call by a user program
Difficulty: 30 minutes
Solution: Change DPL value in the IDT for int 0x80

Bug #6
Type of problem: Semantic Error
Description: The '\r' symbol was not handled properly
Symptom: Printing frame0.txt returns strange symbols at the end of each line
Difficulty: 30 minutes
Solution: Add code to handle '\r' symbol in terminal write

Bug #7
Type of problem: Algorithmic Problem
Description: Pages were not swapped during context switch
Symptom: iRET during context switch resulted in a page fault
Difficulty: 30 minutes
Solution: Swapped out old page (shell) for the user level program page

Bug #8
Type of problem: Semantic Problem
Description: TSS value was not updated
Symptom: System page faults on system call
Difficulty: 1 hour
Solution: Update TSS value before a context switch (to its respective kernel stack)

Bug 9 
Type of porblem: Semantic Problem
Description: STI causing F3 to triple fault
Symptom: Triple fault when spamming F2 and F3
Difficulty: 30 min
Solution: remove STI